Added demo reference in model docs (#3184)
openvinotoolkit/open_model_zoo: models/intel/action-recognition-0001/README.md

The model outputs a tensor with the shape `1, 400`, each row is a logits vector of performed actions.

## Demo usage

> The model can be used in the following demos provided by the OpenVINO toolkit to show its capabilities:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The model can be used in the following demos provided by the Open Model Zoo to show its capabilities:
```

Reviewer: suggest to change to Open Model Zoo who is actually provides the demos

Author: Updated
